---
featured:
publish: true
date: 2025-10-06
Stage:
  - recorded
type: podcast
title:
description:
people:
  - charlie kirk
tags:
permalink:
aliases:
  - children talking about Charlie Kirk
cover:
dataCover:
---
# 2025-10-06-Charlie Kirk being a household name for children to play with
---
Date:  2025-10-06


## Show Notes 

The journal entry describes a visit to a sky zone with the author's son, where an incident involving children playing in a ball pit prompts reflection. A child jokingly referenced Charlie Kirk, highlighting the widespread familiarity and casualness towards his name among young children. The author expresses concern about how children are exposed to concepts they can't fully comprehend and suggests that cultural influences are shaping their perceptions prematurely. The discussion shifts to Charlie Kirk's influence, contrasting it with spiritual beliefs. The author critiques how Kirk's legacy is emphasized over faith in Jesus Christ, emphasizing that worldly accolades and legacies hold no value compared to spiritual truths. There is apprehension about people venerating Kirk's memory and views instead of focusing on spreading religious teachings. The conclusion stresses the importance of praying for children and resisting cultural deceptions.

---
## Transcript 

So I'm outside by the street, so if y'all hear any noise in the background, it's the cars behind me. It won't be long, hopefully, but I'm just leaving this sky zone, sky zone area where my son, me and my son was going in there jumping on the trampolines and stuff. I didn't last too long. But while we were getting ready to go, and this is what prompted me to record this, some of the other children that my son was playing with was playing in the ball pit, and I guess a kid fell, and one of the children has said, "Oh no, it's Charlie Kirk. Are you Charlie Kirk's son?" And I was like, "Huh?" Because what was ironic, I was actually scrolling down my feed, which is being blown up by a lot of videos about Charlie Kirk. And so I was thinking that I was just hearing that. But I looked up, and I was also looking at my son, because I didn't want the kids to think that I was frowning at them, because I know I looked weird. Then a little girl that said it said it again. "Are you Charlie Kirk's son? And oh no, Charlie Kirk died because the child fell into the ball pit." And I'm just sitting here like, this is not, this is so many things that are not good. And if I'm hearing these children who are very close in age to my son, my son is four. These children are like five, six years old. If they're familiar with that name, that means something. That's a household name obviously now, which is not a surprise, but I mean like, that means they're hearing that name way too much. And then to the point where they're desensitized to the fact that he was still human. Okay, hold on a second. They're desensitized to the fact that he was still a human being. And to joke about, you know, falling into the ball pit and saying that's Charlie Kirk, or just because I guess it imitated the child. Don't want to really even say the word, but passing on when the child fell into the balls. I'm just sitting here like, not only is it a household name, but it's a name that many people are playing with. And even though he preached and teach a lot of things that are in opposition to Jesus Christ, this is not something that should be taken lightly, especially with children. But it really concerns me because my son, of course, he doesn't know. Even though I do all this research for a lot of these different things, I don't want him to know a lot of the stuff that I have to look at. At least not now prematurely. But it's so concerning because there's so many things that are revealed or seen by children at such a young age that is shaping their reality. And they're not even old enough, or at least taught at a young age, to not critically think, but to discern and test every spirit to see if it has come from God. And, I mean, this is just weird. Because even though, again, when it came to scriptural matters, a lot of which that Charlie Kirk taught, and this is just going through a lot of his videos. And, again, for anybody who hasn't heard my other podcasts or is not familiar with me, I'm already very much familiar with who he was. Right there with Ben Shapiro, Candace Owens, all these other people. Politics is a false god in and of itself. I don't care if you want to be left or right wing. I don't care what it is. So I'm definitely not one of these people who are sitting here saying that he was focusing on dividing and practicing hate crime and racism and all that stuff. But he was unintentionally, Charlie was unintentionally, likely, unintentionally, because I don't know his heart, but he was unintentionally, likely, causing division. Because the moment that you focus on one faction or one polar opposite, you by default cause division. Especially when you're claiming to be speaking the truth. The truth divides. Jesus comes to bring a sword. Jesus divides. But he's not going to paint the finger or point the finger at one faction and ignore the other. When both sides are guilty of the same things done differently, Conservatism has a very dangerous way of having a false sense of self-righteousness or righteousness that is an illusion. It's the same antichrist spirit that deceived the Jews who didn't believe in Jesus. And they sided with the government, the Roman government, saying Caesar is our king. The same thing is happening today. So, I mean, but regardless, no matter what the circumstances or the stance that a person is standing on, when they're not standing firm in the faith that Jesus Christ died on the cross for the forgiveness of our sins, was buried in the tomb for three days, but after the third day he rose from the grave and is at the right hand of the Father in heaven. They don't, a person that doesn't believe in this gospel does not have a firm foundation. They don't have a firm foundation. Jesus is not their rock or cornerstone of their faith. And so many people are acting like Charlie was a Christian martyr. No, he wasn't. Christian martyrs are not celebrated by the world. When Jesus said, if the world loves you, it loves its own. It knows its own. It's going to uplift its own. And when Jesus calls you to be a Christian, he's going to pull you out of this world, give you a new heart and new desires. And you're not going to love the things of this world, not sit here and try to save this world. But it's still very concerning. Nonetheless, seeing anybody or any type, any type of situation, or especially a child playing around with the name of a deceased person. And no, I'm not going to sit here with assumptions and neither should you as far as trying to figure out what type of parents the children have that made that type of comment. But regardless, please pray for them. And a lot of these children out here and people in general who are falling for this great deception, because it is just very concerning. It's very, very concerning. Very concerning. Too many people are talking about the legacy of Charlie Kirk when I'm sitting here like that's the pride of life that Satan deceives people by and tempts people through the lust of the eyes, the lust of the flesh, and the pride of life. Pride of life and legacy says that I should have a statue of myself and people need to remember my name. And then I'm going to make sure that people remember my name by putting my name on all of the children in my family. And no, I'm not saying that every man that has done that by naming their child's junior or second or third or fourth had that mentality. But a lot of men do. Pride of life says you care more about what people say about how you raise your children out in public and actually neglect them in private in their own home. Pride of life is basically what you see in a lot of competitions, especially with blood sports, where people are more concerned with their legacy and championships and medals and being honored through the word of man and praise of man and being remembered by having whatever stats or whatever like that, when none of those accolades mean nothing to God, especially when all of that was done in vanity. So it's very dangerous. People I hear walking around talking about, "Yes, we have to continue on the voice of Charlie and Charlie Kirk's life and legacy." But notice as the people are saying that they're not saying nothing about Jesus. You actually see you're starting to see more people in the comment section when people are like, "We got to remember Charlie Kirk every single day. We got to continue his message every single day." Like I'm starting to thankfully see a lot of people pushing back and saying, "No, the only one who's worthy of the only one who's worthy of praise in meditation every single day is Jesus. No, we got to keep Jesus first. We got to spread Jesus voice, his message." And then still some people will say, "We got to spread Jesus. That's what Charlie would want." But they're not realizing while he's gone. People are talking about him. Because it's exactly what Jesus said would happen to those who would reject him. That if another man comes in his own name, the person that rejects Jesus accepts that person that comes in their own name. Charlie Kirk's whole movement. He even admitted that he started. He started not Jesus. He started and is in his name. Don't be fooled by the okie doke. But definitely still play. Still pray. I'm saying play because I'm just what again, I'm still like in play mode, leaving the sky zone, but still pray for those children because I'm still really concerned. I love you all. Thank you so much for listening and God bless.